                                     0x09-static_libraries README.md file

   ->>Note:

- This README.md file made for 0x09-static_libraries project.

->>The static library
   is like an archieve consisting of object files(the object files are the .o files generated by the c compiler like (gcc) to form the excecutable file). the purpose of generating static libs is code rusabilty, modularity, and simpolisity which will enhance the productivity.
   the libs allow you to pakage the reusable codes in the files and then link them with other programs at the complile time.This is similar to the <stdio.h> library that contain the code of the standard fuctions like printf and scanf and so on.
   the files can be compiled files (function source code) as we know that .c files are the source code in c files, so this is why we are using files to create all libs not just the static ones.
 
the point of using ranlib is to generate an index of symbols within a static library, enabling faster symbol lookup during the linking process.

the standard format for static libraries is the ar archive format. The ar command is used to create and manipulate static libraries in this format.The ar archive format is similar to a zip file, but it is specifically designed for storing object files.

0-isupper.o 0-memset.o 0-strcat.o 1-isdigit.o 1-memcpy.oThe write() function in C is a system call that writes data from a buffer to a file associated with a file descriptor.
It has the following syntax: ssize_t write(int fildes, const void *buf, size_t nbyte).
The fildes parameter is the file descriptor that represents the file to be written.
The buf parameter is a pointer to the buffer that contains the data to be written.
The nbyte parameter specifies the number of bytes to be written from the buffer.
The function returns the number of bytes actually written, or -1 if an error occurs.

-->>The _puts() 
    -is a function used to print a null (\null) terminated string to stdout (concole) and it automaticaly add a new line (\n) at the end of the string.
    -it returns a none negative value if the function warked correctly and returns EOF (End-Of-File) if there is any error accured. 


-->>The _memcpy()
 - is used to copy value from location to another in the memory and it has tree arguments listed here
 * @dest: A pointer to the destination memory location to copy to
 * @src: A pointer to the source memory location to copy from.
 * @n: The number of bytes to be copied.


-->>The _memset()
 - is used to fill a block in memory and it has tree arguments listed here
 * @s: is the pointer has the address of the memory that needed
 * @b: is the value of each byte
 * @n: is the number of bytes to be used


-->>the _strncat()
 -is used to concatinate or to combine a string from src to the end of dest str and it has tree arguments listed here
 * @dest: A pointer to the dest string where the characters will be concatenated.
 * @src: A pointer to the src string from where the characters will be copied
 * @n: The maximum number of characters to be concatenated.


-->>The _strchr()
  - is used to locate the first occurance of a specified charactar in a string

0-isupper.c 1-isdigit.c 2-strlen.c 3-strcmp.c 5-strstr.c 0-memset.c 1-memcpy.c 2-strncpy.c 3-strspn.c 6-abs.c 0-strcat.c 1-strncat.c 3-islower.c 4-isalpha.c 9-strcpy.c _putchar.o 100-atoi.c 2-strchr.c 3-puts.c 4-strpbrk.c

0-isupper.o 0-memset.o 0-strcat.o 1-isdigit.o 1-memcpy.o 1-strncat.o 100-atoi.o 2-strchr.o 2-strlen.o 2-strncpy.o 3-islower.o 3-puts.o 3-strcmp.o 3-strspn.o 4-isalpha.o 4-strpbrk.o 5-strstr.o 6-abs.o 9-strcpy.o _putchar.o
